= Freuder v2.0.1

Freuder is an add-on for Twitter, which uses API calls to pull user's Twitter feed. The app allows finding and saving tweets that match a certain specified criteria. For example, if I am a PR Firm, looking to do an outreach to publications within the automotive industry, I can create a filter for terms "car", "auto" and "article", and find and save tweets that feature this combination of terms (in any order).
== Use / Flow:
==== Initial load:
Upon the initial load, user is prompted to connect to their Twitter account (via <tt>Twitter OAuth</tt> and <tt>Twitter API Gem</tt>). Once the connection is established, the app pulls user data and appends it to the <tt>Users</tt> table. 
==== Pulling the Twitter Timeline:
To pull the timeline, user can click on the "Refresh" button, located on the upper right part of the "All Messages" tab pane. 

==== Creating a filter:
To create a filter,

1. Press "Create Tag" on the left and enter your name and "slips". _" Slips" are keywords you want to search by. Once done, press "Create Tag". _
2. Head over to your message feed, and choose "Filtered Messages" tab. 
3. Press "Filter Message"

==== Sending a Tweet:

Freuder also lets you send your tweets, via "New Tweet" tab. Just click on the tab, and enter your tweet text as you normally would, using your Twitter profile page. All characters, links and hashtags are allowed, but will not be hyperlinked and / or highlighted. 
 
== Specs:

==== Gems and dependencies:
Aside from the standard rails gem stack, Freuder uses <tt>Twitter</tt> gem to connect to Twitter API and <tt>omniauth-twitter</tt> gem to allow users use their Twitter login credentials. 

==== Controllers & Class methods:
* Parsing the user's timeline is ran by a class method called <tt>refresh</tt>, called by <tt>messages_controller</tt>.
* Analysis of tweets against specified filters is happening in the <tt>analyze</tt> method, called by <tt>messages_controller#analyze</tt> action. 

==== DB, Models and Associations:
App uses three models - <tt>User</tt>, <tt>Filter</tt> and <tt>Message</tt>, with the following associations:

* <tt>User</tt> has_many <tt>Filters</tt>
* <tt>Filters</tt> belong to <tt>Users</tt>
* <tt>Message</tt> is polymorphic, referencing both <tt>User</tt> and <tt>Filter</tt> classes. 

The <tt>User</tt> table records inherit data passed by Twitter API. For example, column <tt>image_url</tt> inherits the profile image URI passed by Twitter. 

=== Front-end & UJS
Freuder uses <tt>Bootstrap 3.*</tt> framework, enhanced with a few <tt>UJS</tt> calls. 
<tt>Filters</tt> are referred to as <tt>tags</tt> on the front-end, because I couldn't find any good-looking filter icons.


